-geometry <width>x<height>{+-}<x>{+-}<y>{%}
{@}{!}{^}{<}{>}
Specify dimension, offset, and resize options.
The -geometry option is used for a number of different purposes, depending on
the utility it is used with.
For the X11 commands ('animate', 'display', and 'import'), it specifies the
preferred size and location of the Image window. By default, the window size is
the image size and the location is chosen by you (or your window manager) when
it is mapped.
For the 'import', 'convert', 'mogrify' utility commands it may be used to
specify the desired size when resizing an image. In this case, symbols
representing resize options may be appended to the geometry string to influence
how the resize request is treated.
See later notes corresponding to usage by particular commands. The following
notes apply to when -geometry is used to express a resize request, taking into
account the current properties of the image.
By default, the width and height are maximum values. That is, the image is
expanded or contracted to fit the width and height value while maintaining the
aspect ratio of the image.
Append a ^ to the geometry so that the image aspect ratio is maintained when the
image is resized, but the resulting width or height are treated as minimum
values rather than maximum values.
Append a ! (exclamation point) to the geometry to force the image size to
exactly the size you specify. For example, if you specify640x480! the image
width is set to 640 pixels and height to 480.
If only the width is specified, without the trailing 'x', then height is set to
width (e.g., -geometry 100 is the same as-geometry 100x100). If only the width
is specified but with the trailing 'x', then width assumes the value and the
height is chosen to maintain the aspect ratio of the image. Similarly, if only
the height is specified prefixed by 'x' (e.g., -geometry x256), the width is
chosen to maintain the aspect ratio.
To specify a percentage width or height instead, append %. The image size is
multiplied by the width and height percentages to obtain the final image
dimensions. To increase the size of an image, use a value greater than 100 (e.g.
125%). To decrease an image's size, use a percentage less than 100.
Use @ to specify the maximum area in pixels of an image.
Use > to change the dimensions of the image only if its width or height exceeds
the geometry specification. < resizes the image only if both of its dimensions
are less than the geometry specification. For example, if you specify '640x480>'
and the image size is 256x256, the image size does not change. However, if the
image is 512x512 or 1024x1024, it is resized to 480x480. Enclose the geometry
specification in quotation marks to prevent the < or > from being interpreted by
your shell as a file redirection.
When used with animate and display, offsets are handled in the same manner as in
X(1) and the -gravity option is not used. If the x is negative, the offset is
measured leftward from the right edge of the screen to the right edge of the
image being displayed. Similarly, negative y is measured between the bottom
edges. The offsets are not affected by "%"; they are always measured in pixels.
When used as a composite option, -geometrygives the dimensions of the image and
its location with respect to the composite image. If the -gravity option is
present with NorthEast, East, or SouthEast gravity, the xrepresents the distance
from the right edge of the image to the right edge of the composite image.
Similarly, if the -gravity option is present with SouthWest, South, or SouthEast
gravity, yis measured between the bottom edges. Accordingly, a positive offset
will never point in the direction outside of the image. The offsets are not
affected by "%"; they are always measured in pixels. To specify the dimensions
of the composite image, use the -resizeoption.
When used as a convert, import or mogrify option,-geometry is synonymous with
-resize and specifies the size of the output image. The offsets, if present, are
ignored.
When used as a montage option, -geometry specifies the image size and border
size for each tile; default is 256x256+0+0. Negative offsets (border dimensions)
are meaningless. The -gravityoption affects the placement of the image within
the tile; the default gravity for this purpose is Center. If the "%" sign
appears in the geometry specification, the tile size is the specified percentage
of the original dimensions of the first tile. To specify the dimensions of the
montage, use the -resizeoption.
