-quality <value>
JPEG/MIFF/PNG/TIFF compression level
For the JPEG and MPEG image formats, quality is 0 (lowest image quality and
highest compression) to 100 (best quality but least effective compression). The
default quality is 75. Use the-sampling-factor option to specify the factors for
chroma downsampling. To use the same quality value as that found by the JPEG
decoder, use the -define jpeg:preserve-settings flag.
For the MIFF image format, and the TIFF format while using ZIP compression,
quality/10 is the zlib compression level, which is 0 (worst but fastest
compression) to 9 (best but slowest). It has no effect on the image appearance,
since the compression is always lossless.
For the JPEG-2000 image format, quality is mapped using a non-linear equation to
the compression ratio required by the Jasper library. This non-linear equation
is intended to loosely approximate the quality provided by the JPEG v1 format.
The default quality value 75 results in a request for 16:1 compression. The
quality value 100 results in a request for non-lossy compression.
For the MNG and PNG image formats, the quality value sets the zlib compression
level (quality / 10) and filter-type (quality % 10). Compression levels range
from 0 (fastest compression) to 100 (best but slowest). For compression level 0,
the Huffman-only strategy is used, which is fastest but not necessarily the
worst compression.
If filter-type is 4 or less, the specified filter-type is used for all
scanlines:

0: none
1: sub
2: up
3: average
4: Paeth



If filter-type is 5, adaptive filtering is used when quality is greater than 50
and the image does not have a color map, otherwise no filtering is used.
If filter-type is 6, adaptive filtering with minimum-sum-of-absolute-valuesis
used.
Only if the output is MNG, if filter-type is 7, the LOCO color transformation
and adaptive filtering with minimum-sum-of-absolute-valuesare used.
The default is quality is 75, which means nearly the best compression with
adaptive filtering. The quality setting has no effect on the appearance of PNG
and MNG images, since the compression is always lossless.
For further information, see the PNG [http://www.w3.org/TR/]specification.
When writing a JNG image with transparency, two quality values are required, one
for the main image and one for the grayscale image that conveys the opacity
channel. These are written as a single integer equal to the main image quality
plus 1000 times the opacity quality. For example, if you want to use quality 75
for the main image and quality 90 to compress the opacity data, use -quality
90075.
For the PNM family of formats (PNM, PGM, and PPM) specify a quality factor of
zero in order to obtain the ASCII variant of the format. Note that -compress
none used to be used to trigger ASCII output but provided the opposite result of
what was expected as compared with other formats.
